Feat: ECS compatible default behavior (#89)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-translate: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.3.0

>   - Feat: ECS compatible default behavior [#89](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-translate/pull/89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Feat: added ECS compatibility mode [#89](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-translate/pull/89)
    - deprecated `destination` option in favor of `target` to better align with other plugins
    - when ECS compatibility is enabled, default behaviour is an in-place translation
```
